Add `grpc.netty.executor_count` setting to GRPC documentation (#10937)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/grpc-apis/index.md

| `grpc.bind_host` | A list of addresses to bind the gRPC server to. Can be distinct from publish hosts. | `["0.0.0.0", "::"]` | Value of `grpc.host` |
| `grpc.publish_host` | A list of hostnames or IPs published to peers for client connections. | `["thisnode.example.com"]` | Value of `grpc.host` |
| `grpc.netty.worker_count` | The number of Netty worker threads for the gRPC server. Controls concurrency and parallelism. | `2` | Number of processors |

> | `grpc.netty.executor_count` | Number of threads in the ForkJoinPool for processing gRPC service calls. Controls request processing parallelism. | `32` | 2*Number of processors |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `grpc.netty.executor_count` | The number of threads in the fork-join pool for processing gRPC service calls. Controls request processing parallelism. | `32` | `2 * number of processors` |
```
